---
layout: post
title: Turning the lights on
excerpt: 'Now this is a story all about how, my site got flipped, turned upside down...'
published: true
---

### Howdy, folks:

My name is David. It is known. 

[tab]On this domain, I used to have a neat little portfolio that housed a kind of digital résumé: A list of skills, a link to a PDF copy of my "boring paper" résumé, and links/contact information all packaged in a neat homage to Final Fantasy 7. It was a way for me to play around with new (to me) technology while being a resource for professional inquiries. But, over time, I felt like it was really only useful in small bursts. I have all of this space, the internet is my canvas afterall, surely I could be doing something better with it! So, I decided to pick up something I used to enjoy in school as a hobby: writing.
    
I tend to be a little long winded with speaking. So I am hoping that by practicing writing by scribbling down what I think about, want to talk about, or have imagined (in the form of stories or poems), that I can learn the art of brevity along the way. If any of you read it (or better, like it) then that is just an added bonus.

 While I will sacrifice discoverablility by not using platforms like Medium or Blogspot, I feel it is a fair price to pay if that means I can have freedom. I am not beholden to a platform that can hurt myself, or prevent others from being able to see the content I feel like producing. It also gives me the freedom to flex another muscle -- the ~technology~ muscle. I will be able to control more-or-less every aspect of this site to cater to the needs of myself and you - the audience. It is said that the biggest barrier to producing art is fear. Fear that it won't be liked, understood, etc. By not being discoverable, I think that I can get over that barrier and learn to self market while learning to like my work.

If you have read this far you might be asking, *"what content?"*, and that's totally fair. I don't know yet. Leave that fancy marketing, ideating, and other fun stuff to me. Stephen King has a belief that resonates with me that will be prevalent in all my work here -- write for yourself first, and secondarily for your "Ideal Reader". My "Ideal Reader" is imaginary. Let's call him Deckard. This is all for him. Stay a while, and listen. Or don't. Your call.

In the meantime, I'll be hacking away at this keyboard, tidying the site up and coming up with things to ramble about for you to read. By the time you read this, I'll probably have front-loaded the site with content so it doesn't look so drab and boring. Or there might not ever be anything here. I might give it up, like many little projects I've half completed or given up in search of *the one* to stick with. You'll just have to keep coming back to find out!


Go forth, and be good people,
- D
